the time has come now 26 years are over
1,500 games and all we have it is 13
league trophies two champions leagues
two triples and now although that has
gone I'll never leave I'll be a part of
Manchester United don't forget that man
united win 26 years without 220 and now
I warned them double that in the 26
years that I was here I made up for EM
26 mining i did on all the bear seem
most successful team with Liverpool
don't fuck this up man u nited dis was
da bus time to leave toklo oh I'll still
be here as our part of it my but must
ADR me stand I am the sir alex ferguson
this was the right time to lift oh crap
wherefore like you that is coming up
palatine that the season has finished I
would have Manish 1500 games for
Manchester United and that is the record
that won't be bit Monta to united on the
kings of England unless the science on a
steel collar sands it's time to retire
um yes Rory time to retire I'm just
gonna go and go look at the grant it's
my grandchildren here my horses just
want to be a spectator phones I don't
want to be SAT there in my chewing gum
that event for 26 years now that's
partly why i'm leaving because of them
it's partly why i'm leaving because 26
years is a long time for one piece of
chewing gum so I think the right time to
leave I don't want to wait another five
years to seek Him one chewing gum one
piece of chewing gum it's not good for
you it's not good for you um I mean the
permit you will miss us next year to
know Fergie time no chewing gum no me
saying or latter penalty art wasn't a
penalty why do we can see that it is
funny how we went nearly a whole season
without a ricotta of giving away a
penalty and then Louise dives Lassiter's
I'm sensing it's a dollar a sub filed
rate card so we got one record this
season I'm money i'm sure it's fiction
best time to leave this time has come
now they're here is over and all our new
wings we have to explore what we leave
behind stays with us for all time or law
sir alex ferguson he is going he will
never leave this heart of mine don't
don't don't Manchester United fool carry
him nothing but no one can take cervarix
fear since place he is the best money
jealous ever managed in football just
ahead of winger the doctor done at the
doctor yeah anyway guys this is video
stop smoking and I'm so sad to see him
leave actually i am i'm at peace leaving
but premier league will be a big miss so
Ferguson from an arsenal fan who hates
you well I'm not you but money night
well I don't mind number to take the
funds right from an arsenal fan anyways
I'm wishing you the happiest of
retirement and I hope you do everything
you want them peace and I hope you keep
them and uniting on top shape oh it's
going to be a wide open league next
season